Prologue:
=========
   The Tamil "Type As You Write" endeavour was started with the twin 
objectives:

   A) To design a keyboard driver with mappings suitable for those who
know writing (in) Tamil AND literate in English, to minimise load on 
(human) memory, and
   B) To minimise file storage (disk) space.
 
   The obvious choice is "Transliteration", with a few deviations. By 
mapping the consonants with u and U vowel markers in the SHIFT and 
CTRL+ALT baskets, one's effort in remembering the keyboard layout becomes 
minimal. The naming of the Font also keeps one reminding of the scheme.
 
   Both the above mentioned goals have been proved in Vutam and later 
in Vutam2.
 
   Now, since the defacto standard is Unicode, these objectives are to be 
proved in it, knowing that Unicode doesn't as yet support objective (B). 
Since "Phonetic" is a subset of "Type As You Write", "Phonetic" is also 
available as an option in Utam, with mappings as in "Type As You Write" 
and with cross mapping benefits.
 
   Thus Utam doesn't meet objective (B). But, it covers a wider audience 
since its "Phonetic" users need not know to write Tamil; literacy in 
English is all that's required from them.
 
   Thanks to James Kass <jameskass@att.net> and, to Umar 
<umarthambi@gmail.com> for their kind guidance and timely help.
 
   Unicode compliant "Type As You Write" KBD driver, Utam.zip (67kb) 
with font file(s), is available free at:
http://sarovar.org/projects/keytrans/
 
   It has two options: a) Type as You Write & b) Phonetic. It works in 
ALL Windows OSs. Vutam and Vutam2 are also available there, still.
 
   Thanks to all those kind hearts who feel the effort is worth all the 
trouble!
 
Yours,
V.Ramasami,
Aruppukottai,
TamilNadu.

PS:
   Any legal owners of ttf font files, desirous of converting them free 
of charge, suitable to be driven by Utam.exe may contact me by post, 
provided:

   (1) They take responsibility of taking over on themselves and protecting 
me from any legal wrangles connected with the convertion job.
 
   (2) They permit any one to use the said modified fonts for any purpose, 
free, irrespective of the source of obtaining them.
 
   Legal experts are welcome to draft (for free), a suitable agreement to 
be signed by the above beneficieries, and to advise me (for free), of 
Indian legal procedures connected with the said agreement.
 

